adjust keyboard stroke references (#4531)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/modeler/desktop-modeler/plugins/plugins.md

When creating a plugin, you can place the directory containing your plugin in the aforementioned `resources/plugins` directory.

> Plugins will be loaded on application startup (menu plugins) or reload (style and modeling tool plugins). To reload the application, open the developer tools F12 and press `CtrlOrCmd+R`. This will clear all unsaved diagrams.

Reviewer: This one's a little odd to me - I know it's what was there already, but do we want it to read as "**`Ctrl+R` or `Cmd+R`**" ?

Reviewer 2: As @conceptualshark mentions, I think this was originally meant to read as `Ctrl+R` or `Cmd+R`
```suggestion
Plugins will be loaded on application startup (menu plugins) or reload (style and modeling tool plugins). To reload the application, press `F12` to open the developer tools, and press `Ctrl+R` or `Cmd+R`. This will clear all unsaved diagrams.
```
